hey everyone so for this look and
starting off by using my Holly beautiful
aid in a meeting slide by shade to go
all over my quiz just to make the
further blending easier and then I'm
using this purple shade and first I'm
applying some tape just to make the edge
of my makeup really crisp and I'm
applying this purple shade into my
crease and kind of winging it out just
to make some kind of sharp and I'm kind
of I'm sorry for my books I'm pretty
sick right now so then I'm using this
dark blue shade and I'm going all over
my entire lid and kind of lightly
blending it into the purple shade to get
a nice transition and not leave any kind
of sharp edge in there and then I'm
applying some and winged liner on my top
lash line and not making it like super
dramatic but it's still there you know
what I mean and then I'm applying this
very very dark grey shade on my other Z
just to deepen it up a little bit and
then for my lower lash line and with
some this gold shade and it's gonna kind
of highlight our eye a little bit since
it's pretty dramatic and I'm also
packing it on to my inner corner and
then I'm just applying some black pencil
liner onto my waterline and also on my
tight line then I'm just gonna smudge
pink black liner a little tiny bit on my
lower lash line just to get rid of the
sharpness and then I'm curling my lashes
and applying some mascara on my top and
bottom lashes and I'm using this one
from Danny card it's really good for
separating your lashes and it makes them
look really pretty and long and all of
the nice clean up and then it's time to
bronze up my face to warm it up a little
and I'm using my BH Cosmetics diva
bronzer and I'm applying it onto my
cheekbones kind of to make this nice
contour effect and also on the sides of
my forehead on my nose and on my chin a
little bit and then I'm also
highlighting my cheekbones a little bit
with Li the balm and mary lou manizer I
think it's how it's called and I went a
little bit crazy so I blended it out a
little bit later
and then what's next oh I'm applying
some false lashes and they are so cool
so beautiful and they look really
perfect they're from born pretty store
and yeah and then of course it's time
for my lips and I went really bold today
and I applied some really dark purple
like lipliner from golden rose all over
my entire lips and I over lined them to
just how I showed you some time ago in
one of my videos and does the finished
look I hope you enjoy this and if you
did please give this video a thumbs up
and I'll see you in my next video
love you guys I'll see you later bye